Driving Epics to Backlogs.
In this module, we'll take our business unit requirements,
which are equivalent to epics,
and see how we decompose them into user stories ready for the backlogs.
Driving epics into organizational backlogs.
From a program or business unit perspective, we have the chunkier epics.
Your role will be to drive those down into features and user stories.
Next, you will review your collection of user stories and will push,
that is, assign those into agile team backlogs.
So you will refine epics into features and user stories.
Now they are more concrete and will give implementation
teams something to really work with.
Now this part is hard.
It will take meetings, workshops, workflow diagrams,
and all your BA tools to make this happen.
Next,
you will map the features and user stories to the appropriate
organizational or application backlogs.
Remember,
epics are at a program level and will span multiple
departments with potentially multiple agile teams.
So not only do you need keen business analytical skills but also a
rich appreciation and knowledge of the organization to ensure the
right teams are doing the right work.
We have our program requirements on the left from a couple of sections ago,
and it was determined by the program manager,
stakeholders,
and business analysts that we have three business unit
requirements: Increase order revenue, improve customer order stickiness,
and equal the competition for ease of ordering.
And we determined that it would affect, that is,
require changes to four systems: The vehicle order system,
order management system, vehicle allocation system,
and the dealer customer support operation center.
And we also performed stakeholder preparation for each of
the four applications on the right.
Well, now we're ready to take the next step.
Let's look at an example of translating epics to features to user stories.
Here is one of our business unit or program requirements.
I am equating those to the epic level of our requirement
definitions I laid out in the previous section.
Epic 1: Increase order revenue.
Well, through your analysis and talking with your customers and stakeholders,
this will drive three features.
Feature 1: Enable the ordering of accessories when
the dealer is ordering motorbikes.
Feature 2: Dealers can only order twice a year; enable
dealers to order every two months.
And Feature 3: Enable dealers to see the competitor's motorbike model
sales by dealer region while ordering motorbikes.
That may really help them increase orders.
Now those in turn will drive our user stories.
Now you can see my naming scheme.
So I can trace a user story back to an epic.
At the conclusion of your analysis,
you have decomposed the three epics into several features and
each feature down into multiple user stories.
The analysts, the application stakeholders,
and the agile team should have all a uniformed
understanding of the requirements.
And, if not,
then you'll need another meeting or workshop to work out the details.
You want everyone on the same page before you make any backlog assignments.
Key nonfunctional implementation analysis.
That's a lot of words.
But in your typical BA role,
you've been spending time analyzing business requirements and developing epics,
features, and user stories.
Great, perfect!
I also see another additional and very important role for
a program or business unit analyst.
You will need to analyze how best to implement your
epics in the most optimal way. Okay, let's look at some ideas in the next section.